chore(ckbtc): proposal to upgade ckBTC minter canister (#9802)
dfinity/ic: rs/bitcoin/ckbtc/mainnet/minter_upgrade_2026_04_10.md

# Proposal to upgrade the ckBTC minter canister

Repository: `https://github.com/dfinity/ic.git`

Git hash: `ebb18a0983f28f1882b9957e99f072695f43141e`

> New compressed Wasm hash: `3801f9e7751d42f1ea2ff9b777d61ae85cdcf85fc13a3208c5250dbd803e87a5`

Reviewer: verified 🎉

> New compressed Wasm hash: `3801f9e7751d42f1ea2ff9b777d61ae85cdcf85fc13a3208c5250dbd803e87a5`

Reviewer 2: Confirmed.

> Upgrade args hash: `abf6b9f54bb94025c0aff10c4eb05e182118052d6c7a490c2aa50ea651ed7d23`

Reviewer 2: Confirmed.

> Upgrade args hash: `abf6b9f54bb94025c0aff10c4eb05e182118052d6c7a490c2aa50ea651ed7d23`

Reviewer: verified 🎉

Target canister: `mqygn-kiaaa-aaaar-qaadq-cai`

Previous ckBTC minter proposal: https://dashboard.internetcomputer.org/proposal/140956

---

## Motivation

> * Add an additional measure to prevent and alert double-minting of cached UTXOs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add an additional measure to protect against and alert about double-minting of cached UTXOs.
```
